Review DomInstances bulk error handling and update examples [ID 41546] (#4014)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: user-guide/Advanced_Modules/DOM/DomHelper_class.md

#### Call result

The result of those calls will contain the necessary information:

- When CreateOrUpdate is called, the result will contain a list of DomInstances that were successfully created or updated.

- When Delete is called with a list of DomInstances, the result will contain a list of DomInstance IDs that were successfully deleted.

> Since DataMiner 10.5.2/10.5.0 onwards<!-- RN 41546 -->, if an issue occurs for any of the items that are getting created, updated, or deleted in bulk (e.g. validation), a `BulkCrudFailedException<DomInstanceId>` will be thrown. The `Result` property in the exception can be used to check for which `DomInstances` the call succeeded or failed. For information on how to implement this flow, refer to the [Unexpected issue example](xref:DOM_BulkProcessing_Example#unexpected-issue).

Reviewer: Last reference to the 'Unexpected issue' is now invalidated

#### Call result

The result of those calls will contain the necessary information:

- When CreateOrUpdate is called, the result will contain a list of DomInstances that were successfully created or updated.

- When Delete is called with a list of DomInstances, the result will contain a list of DomInstance IDs that were successfully deleted.

Since DataMiner 10.5.2/10.5.0 onwards<!-- RN 41546 -->, if an issue occurs for any of the items that are getting created, updated, or deleted in bulk (e.g. validation), a `BulkCrudFailedException<DomInstanceId>` will be thrown. The `Result` property in the exception can be used to check for which `DomInstances` the call succeeded or failed. For information on how to implement this flow, refer to the [Unexpected issue example](xref:DOM_BulkProcessing_Example#unexpected-issue).

> As an alternative the `TryCreateOrUpdate` or `TryDelete` methods can be used. When the operation fails for one of the `DomInstances`, those calls will be false. The `result` output parameter will contain the necessary information:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an alternative, the `TryCreateOrUpdate` or `TryDelete` methods can be used. When the operation fails for one of the `DomInstances`, those calls will return false. The `result` output parameter will contain the necessary information:
```

#### Call result

The result of the bulk methods will contain:

- A list of `DomInstances` that were successfully created or updated, when `CreateOrUpdate` is called.

- A list of `DomInstance` IDs that were successfully deleted, when `Delete` is called.

From DataMiner 10.5.0/10.5.2 onwards<!-- RN 41546 -->, if an issue occurs for any of the items that are getting created, updated, or deleted in bulk (e.g. validation), a `BulkCrudFailedException<DomInstanceId>` will be thrown. The `Result` property in the exception can be used to check for which `DomInstances` the call succeeded or failed. For information on how to implement this flow, refer to the [Checking issues example](xref:DOM_BulkProcessing_Example#checking-issues).

As an alternative, the `TryCreateOrUpdate` or `TryDelete` methods can be used. When the operation fails for one of the `DomInstances`, those calls will return false. The `result` output parameter will contain:

> - The list of successful processed item, as is the case for `CreateOrUpdate` and `Delete`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The list of successfully processed items, as is the case for `CreateOrUpdate` and `Delete`.
```
